# Sparker
Abstract: This repository will allow the user to mix and match div. blocks to build a quick website similar to an Adobe Spark. https://spark.adobe.com...but wih a twist...

Hello maker! Welcome to my Sparker web design tutorial. I'm glad you found it--for this might be a really intersection on your way to becoming. I use this document in my Technical Communications classes at the University of Pittsburgh to teach my students a little bit about computer science. Just follow along and with comments like this, and you will make a really cool web doc. that not only introduces you to the other, but explains a little more about the discourse communities that have contributed to your arrival in this space. 

You could do it the easy way like I once did: https://spark.adobe.com/page/umUY5ROHgANCl/ , or you can do a little more unconcealing...not just about who you are, but also these tools that you use everyday, but might not know how they work, and yet prove so necessary to how you (re)present yourself in virtual spaces. And this is an important point. If we really want to be makers, if we really want to be creative, then we need to really inderstand our tools and how they work. So let's cut it all open- tmesis as the Ancient Greeks would say.... 

In this doc, you will work through Gregory Ulmer's four discourses of family, entertainment, community, and shooling ((2002). Internet Invention From Literacy to Electracy.) I hope you are excited to use this tool to create a document that will help you not only process this journey, but orient you towards the path on which you are headed in your becoming. I would like to give a shout-out to my research buddy Shauna Chung, who helped me develop the original framework we will be following in this document. Are you ready to get started?
    
To get started, you will need to fork this repository from GitHub. If you want to publish it on GitHub, I'll give you more information at the end of this document. But for right now, fork, and download the website to a zip file. Go ahead and put these files in a secure place where you will be able to find them. Now, I recommend you download a text editor like "brackets.io." Open the style.css and index.html documents in the text editor.
